[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
I'm a Silver Knight.
You're nothing
but a Bronze Knight.
You don't stand a chance.
Mavrou Trippa!
[groans]
Impossible.
Pegasus Rolling Crush!
What happened to Long, Magnus,
and Shaun? Where are they?
The other Bronze Knights
are still alive for now.
Then, I have to go and find them!
What are you doing, Marin?
Seiya, what is a Knight's purpose?
There's no time
for your lessons.
I have to go find them
and the Gold--
What is a Knight's purpose?
To protect Athena.
Then, do you understand
why I sent you to the tournament?
Because Sienna is Athena.
So now you know the answer.
Go and save her.
But I promised her I would
bring her back the Gold Armor.
The Gold Armor is not
as important as Sienna's life.
I promised her.
[Marin] If Sanctuary has decided
to send Silver Knights
after you,
that means
they'll come after Sienna.
They are going to kill her,
and there is
no one to protect her.
Now go save her.
That is the destiny
of the Pegasus Knight.
But I promised...
Seiya, the Knights of Sanctuary
believe that, in times
of chaos and great evil,
the goddess Athena reincarnates
to save the world.
But, this time,
when Sienna was born,
she was born with a prophecy,
a warning
that Athena would fail
and the dark forces
of Poseidon and Hades
would reign victorious,
wiping the human race
from existence.
The Knights of Sanctuary
struggled to accept
the prophecy.
Their sole reason for existence
was to protect Athena,
but, if Athena's return
meant the end of humanity,
then why should they protect her?
The conflict divided
the Knights into two groups,
those who accepted
the dark prophecy
and felt
they had to kill Athena,
and those who believed
the prophecy was false
and trusted in Athena.
The Knights trying to disprove
the prophecy and protect Athena
called themselves
the "Right Ones."
Seiya, I believe in Athena.
Aiolos did what he could
to protect her.
Now it's up to you to do the same.
[sighs]
That's why you must go to her
and protect her.
She cannot do this alone.
You asked me once
what I saw in you,
why I trained you.
This is why.
Now go.
Don't waste your time here.
Fulfill your duty as a Knight.
Go to Athena, and protect her.
[sighs]
Wait. What's going
to happen to you?
I can handle things here, but I
need you to protect Athena.
Now hurry up, and go!
Sienna, I'm on my way.
I'm going to find you
and find my friends.
Morris, must you always make
such a grand entrance?
[Morris] You know it, Asterion.
So, Marin,
what happened to Misty?
We felt his Cosmo
burn out and disappear.
[gasps] Misty?
[growls]
What the hell
happened here, Marin?
What is this?
These aren't the Bronze Knights.
[growls]
Sanctuary gave us orders,
and we failed.
Why aren't you
telling us anything, Marin?
You need to explain.
[scoffs]
As if you could stop me.
You can't hide
what you've done, Marin!
You're responsible
for all of this, you and Seiya.
I can read your thoughts
like an open book.
Damn it! We were tricked.
We killed and buried
the wrong guys!
So you've mastered the technique
of reading a lady's mind.
[Morris] You witch.
There's no escape
for a traitor like you.
It's over, and you know it.
Time for you to pay for
your crimes against Sanctuary,
and, man,
do I love making people pay.
[roars]
She didn't leap!
She's right behind you!
Huh?
Damn, you're quick!
Ryu-Sei-Ken!
It's another trick!
Huh?
[chuckles]
You almost had me that time.
[Marin grunting]
[Morris] But I'm better.
[roars]
[groans]
[laughs]
It doesn't matter
how many illusions you use, Marin.
I see your every thought.
[Marin] I guess the rumors are true.
You two aren't very tough at all.
How dare you?
You know the penalty
for disobedience
to the Grand Master
of Sanctuary is death.
[Marin gasping]
[laughs]
Who's the tough one now, Marin?
You don't have a problem
with me killing her, do you?
-Look out!
-Huh?
-[yells]
-Agh! [grunts]
You witch!
Morris, move!
Hah! I told you
I could see your thoughts!
[panting]
Don't forget about me!
[gasps]
[panting]
[Asterion]
You don't stand a chance
against two Silver Knights.
[Morris laughs]
[Asterion laughs]
As if that would work.
I almost feel sorry for you.
[Morris] How about this?
Whale-Spout Bomber!
[yells]
[roars]
[gasping]
Heh. This is it, Marin.
End of the line.
-Wait!
-What?
Don't kill her yet.
Why not? She deserves it.
This little cat humiliated me!
Calm down, Morris.
We'll use her as bait.
Bait?
Seiya should still be
somewhere around here.
Once he realizes
Marin's in danger,
he won't be able
to stay away for long.
[panting]
Something doesn't feel right.
[gasps] Marin!
[Marin] If Sanctuary has decided
to send Silver Knights
after you,
that means
they'll come after Sienna.
They are going to kill her,
and there is
no one to protect her.
Now go.
Don't waste your time here.
Fulfill your duty as a Knight.
Go to Athena, and protect her.
Sorry, Marin,
but I can't leave you behind.
[gasps]
Marin!
[murmurs]
Seiya. You came back.
[Seiya gasps]
Looks like I was right.
[Morris] Where do you
think you're going?
Get out of my way.
You're not going to stop me
this time, Asterion.
Hmph. Whatever you want, Morris.
Come on, Seiya.
If you want to save Marin,
you'll have to go through me.
[Morris] But you'd better hurry.
Looks like she
doesn't have much time left.
[growls]
You're a fighter.
There's no denying that,
even when you're
on the losing side.
Look who's talking.
So you're a part
of the Right Ones, huh?
If you have to call yourself
"right," are you, really?
[growls]
You betrayed Athena
and everything she stands for!
Sure, sure, whatever.
We've heard all about you,
the hotshot Bronze Knight
and how you lost your sister
when you were little.
But did you know
that Marin lost her brother?
Funny coincidence, huh?
What does that mean?
Could Marin...
Seiya!
Hey! What are you gonna do with my sister?
Give her back!
Patricia!
[Morris laughs]
You can ask Marin all about it
when you're reunited with her
in the afterlife!
Whale-Spout Bomber!
[yells]
[roars]
[laughs]
You're so surprised,
you couldn't even
defend yourself from my attacks!
But there's no way
she could be my sister.
[groans]
Come on, Pegasus Seiya.
Is that all you've got?
I'll make you shut your mouth!
[yells]
[laughs]
You're way out of your league,
little Bronze Knight.
How much longer
is this going to take?
Finish him.
Relax. Let me have
a little fun now and then.
[groaning]
Marin!
[laughs]
Still won't stay down, Seiya?
Asterion is right.
This has gone on long enough.
Time to end this.
Be careful, Morris!
He's going to attack!
So am I!
Whale-Spout Bomber!
[laughs]
Sorry, Seiya. It's all over!
Huh?
What the-- You sprouted wings?
[Marin] Seiya, you finally
let your Pegasus go.
-[roars]
Aah! Damn it!
This is for hurting Marin!
Morris, Seiya's next attack
is the Pegasus--
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[yells]
[groans]
[panting]
Wh-What?
I'm not finished
with you yet, Morris.
And this is for messing with me!
Pegasus Rolling Crush!
[Morris grunts]
[grunts]
[panting]
Hold on, Marin! I'm coming!
[Marin] I teach...
but you never listen.
[Seiya gasps]
[chuckles] It's not over yet.
[Seiya growls]
[Marin gasping]
You're confident, aren't you?
You think you can best me?
Then, prove it.
[gasps]
I don't have time for you!
-Out of my way!
-[Cosmo surges]
She's gonna drown! Move!
Not until you take me down.
[growls]
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[groaning]
Didn't see that coming,
did you?
[Asterion chuckling]
Did you enjoy my illusion?
-I'm all but untouchable.
-[gasps]
What's going on?
Now let's see
how you handle my attack.
Behold the awesome power
of the Silver Hound Knight!
[grunts] Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[phantoms laughing]
Million Phantom Attack!
[yells]
My Million Phantom Attack is
double the speed of Ryu-Sei-Ken.
You're too slow
and too predictable,
and now you've lost.
Marin.
I've wasted enough time on you.
There are still three more
Bronze Knights out there
for me to put down.
Farewell, Seiya.
[groans]
What?
Impossible.
Marin? But you were--
How did you--
You were so wrapped up
in your own self, Asterion...
you didn't even realize.
Seiya's attack wasn't meant for you.
I read his mind,
but I didn't see his true target.
Clever.
[Asterion] But it was all in vain.
I also saw one more thing.
He wonders if you're his sister.
Let's find out, shall we?
[gasps]
Why can't I read your mind?
Your mind is completely blank.
That's impossible!
No one can hide
their thoughts from me.
I can't read your mind.
I'm fighting blind!
I don't understand.
How are you doing this?
No one's ever been
able to shut me out!
My mind is iron.
Because I've thrown away my past,
there's nothing left for you to read.
You must be joking.
That's just not possible!
How about this?
Million Phantom Attack!
It's over, Asterion!
[Asterion] What? No!
Eagle Claw Flash!
[groans]
[footsteps approaching]
Marin, you must be mad.
Are you really
going to betray Sanctuary?
[groaning]
Marin, can it be true?
Are you Patricia?
Are you my sister?
Our destinies have to carry us
in different directions for now.
Stay safe, Seiya.
Protect Athena.
Our paths will cross again soon.
[ballad playing]